OSDOCS-5651: update cert rotation images for TP (#57969)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-certificate-lifetime.adoc

[id="microshift-certificate-rotation_{context}"]
== Certificate rotation

> As certificates age, {product-title} can be restarted to rotate certificates. A certificate that is close to expiring might also automatically cause a restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificates that are expired or close to expiry need to be rotated to ensure continued {product-title} operation. 
The rotation of expired certificates is performed by {product-title} when it is restarted. If a certificate is close to expiry, {product-title} restarts automatically to perform the rotation.
```

[id="microshift-certificate-rotation_{context}"]
== Certificate rotation

> Certificates that are expired or close to expiry need to be rotated to ensure continued {product-title} operation. When {product-title} restarts, certificates that are close to expiring are rotated. A certificate that has expired can also cause an automatic {product-title} restart to perform the rotation.

Author: #1 Yes, but certificates close to expiring will also rotate if MicroShift restarts for another reason that _you_ restarting it.
#2 Yes, it is expected to restart itself automatically if a certificate expires while it is running.

[NOTE]
====
If the rotated certificate is a Certificate Authority, all of the certificates it signed rotate.
====

[id="microshift-st-certificate-rotation_{context}"]
=== Short-term certificates
The following situations describe {product-title} actions during short-term certificate lifetimes:

. Green zone:
.. When a short-term certificate is 5 months old, no rotation occurs.

. Yellow zone:
.. When a short-term certificate is 8 months old, it is rotated when {product-title} starts or restarts.

. Red zone
.. When a short-term certificate is 8 months old, {product-title} restarts to rotate and apply a new certificate.

.Graph of {product-title} short-term certificate validity.
image::324_RHbM_Certificate_Rotation_0323_short-term.png[<{product-title} bar graph of certificate timelines>]

[id="microshift-lt-certificate-rotation_{context}"]
=== Long-term certificates
The following situations describe {product-title} actions during long-term certificate lifetimes:

. Green zone:
.. When a long-term certificate is 8.5 years old, no rotation occurs.

. Yellow zone:
.. When a long-term certificate is 9 years old, it is rotated when {product-title} starts or restarts.

. Red zone

> .. When a long-term certificate is 9 years old, {product-title} restarts to rotate and apply a new certificate.

Reviewer 2: @ggiguash @ShaunaDiaz This confuses me, too. 
In the yellow zone, a 9-year-old cert requires a manual restart to rotate.  
In the red zone, a 9-year-old cert auto restarts.  Yet the image shows _Restart to rotation_ at 10 years (and no mentions of the color zones.

Author: @mburke5678 I can fix that. The previous image was stoplight; Jess updated to accessible colors and I forgot to change the language on those to drop the colors.

> image::324_RHbM_Certificate_Rotation_0323_short-term.png[<{product-title} bar graph of certificate timelines>]

Reviewer 3: This image makes it look like the cert might be regenerated on restart any time during the 8 months, but that's not true. If the middle bar only covered the time between 5 and 8 months, and did not go all the way to the left side of the diagram, it would more accurately reflect a phase change. Similarly, the bottom line for "Restart to rotation" should say "Restart to rotate" and should start at 8 and go to 10 months.

Alternatively, one bar showing the 3 phases in sequence would be even clearer.

Author: @dhellmann We are past the approval stage for these images. I can only remove them at this point.
